
summary of weekly petroleum data for the week ending june 29, 2012 
 
u.s. crude oil refinery inputs averaged 15.6 million barrels per day during the week 
ending june 29, 14 thousand barrels per day below the previous week’s average. 
refineries operated at 92.0 percent of their operable capacity last week. gasoline 
production increased last week, averaging  9.4 million barrels per day. distillate fuel 
production increased last week, averaging 4.7 million barrels per day. 
 
u.s. crude oil imports averaged 8.8 million barrels per day last week, down by 344 
thousand barrels per day from the previous week. over the last four weeks, crude oil 
imports have averaged 9.1 million barrels per day, 16 thousand barrels per day below the 
same four-week period last year. total motor gasoline imports (including both finished 
gasoline and gasoline blending components) last week averaged 823 thousand barrels per 
day. distillate fuel imports averaged 81 thousand barrels per day last week. 
  
u.s. commercial crude oil inventories (excluding those in the strategic petroleum 
reserve) decreased by 4.3 million barrels from the previous week. at 382.9 million 
barrels, u.s. crude oil inventories are above the upper limit of the average range for this 
time of year. total motor gasoline inventories increased by 0.2 million barrels last week 
and are below the lower limit of the average range. finished gasoline inventories 
increased while blending components inventories decreased last week. distillate fuel 
inventories decreased by 1.1 million barrels last week and are below the lower limit of 
the average range for this time of year. propane/propylene inventories increased by 0.9 
million barrels last week and are above the upper limit of the average range. total 
commercial petroleum inventories decreased by 4.1 million barrels last week.  
 
total products supplied over the last four-week period have averaged 19.2 million barrels 
per day, up by 0.9 percent compared to the similar period last year. over the last four 
weeks, motor gasoline product supplied has averaged 8.9 million barrels per day, down 
by 4.3 percent from the same period last year. distillate fuel product supplied has 
averaged 3.7 million barrels per day over the last four weeks, up by 3.8 percent from the 
same period last year. jet fuel product supplied is 11.1 percent higher over the last four 
weeks compared to the same four-week period last year. 
  


creased while blending components inventories decreased last week. distillate fuel 
inventories decreased by 1.1 million barrels last week and are below the lower limit of 
the average range for this time of year. propane/propylene inventories increased by 0.9 
million barrels last week and are above the upper limit of the average range. total 
commercial petroleum inventories decreased by 4.1 million barrels last week.  
 
total products supplied over the last four-week period have averaged 19.2 million barrels 
per day, up by 0.9 percent compared to the similar period last year. over the last four 
wee